Document properties of DataProcessors (#393)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/ContentObjects/Fluidtemplate/DataProcessing.rst

   property :ts:`options` can be used to pass parameters to the processor
   class.

There are several data processors available to allow flexible processing,

> for example of comma-separated values, related files or related records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example for comma-separated values, related files or related records.
```

Alternatively you could go "for example, processing of ..."

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   DataProcessing/CommaSeparatedValueProcessor
   DataProcessing/DatabaseQueryProcessor
   DataProcessing/FilesProcessor
   DataProcessing/GalleryProcessor
   DataProcessing/LanguageMenuProcessor
   DataProcessing/MenuProcessor
   DataProcessing/SiteProcessor
   DataProcessing/SplitProcessor
   DataProcessing/CustomDataProcessors

.. _dataProcessing-about-examples:

About the examples
==================

All examples listed here can be found in the TYPO3 Documentation Team
extension `examples <https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/examples/>`__.

Once the extension t3docs/examples is installed the examples are available
as content elements:

.. image:: Images/DataProcessingExamples.png
   :class: with-shadow
   :alt: Overview of all data processing examples

All examples listing here depend on
:ref:`t3coreapi:adding-your-own-content-elements`.  Data processors can
also be used in rendering page templates. In this case TypoScript context
would be the page record and all fields of the :typoscript:`pages` table
are available.

> All examples base on :typoscript:`lib.contentElement`, which is provided by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All examples are based on :typoscript:`lib.contentElement`, which is provided by
```
